Find which values of h and SNR maximize the cross-over effect, for an
ideal-observer who knows the true hazard rate.

Fix the number of trials required for each bin. 500 seems reasonable
Fix the bin width. 250 msec seems reasonable
Fix trial duration. 6 seconds seems good
Fix the vector of hazard rate values to test: [0.1,.5,1,1.5,2] seems good
Fix the vector of SNR values to test. [.5,1,1.5,2] seems good

Generate the trials in advance, to fill up all the bins, for each hazard rate
and SNR condition. Don't store the trial but rather the seed value and the bin 
location.

For each hazard rate, each SNR and each trial, generate a realization of the 
observations, and run the inference algorithm from the ideal-observer on them. 
Store the correctness of the answer and the parameter values. 

Use the above to compute the percentage correct for each bin in each hazard
rate and SNR condition.

Generate cross-over curves for all pairs of hazard rate values, and all SNRs.

------------------------------
MODIFICATIONS TO INITIAL PLAN
0/ Compute bootstrap confidence intervals
1/ Produce full panel of curves, with standard y-range (0,1) and absolute time
on x-axis.
2/ For each curve, compute the cross-over score chi and present it in a table
with columns: SNR, h1, h2, chi
3/ re-run full sims for other parameter values


--------
|Suggestions from Kreso:
--------
Compute confidence intervals by bootstrapping

--------
|Comments from Zack on Slack:
--------
@adrian can you 

- replot these, normalizing the axes? some span 0.6 and others 
0.2. looks like the ones on the right give the best separation. 

- also, we should think more about a good metric for quantifying the crossover 
effect. e.g., negative product of the  differences on the left and right 
boundary? this would be large and positive when one difference is large and 
negative and the other large and positive.

- also rather than plotting wrt bin number. can you plot wrt time?

- can you go from here and do an even finer search of h and snr space? you 
could increase the snr from 2. is snr=3 even better?
